## Title: flows = FROMMETOYOU(); MYSCREENTOYOURS();

### Blurb:
< script type="text/performance" >Joana Chicau & Renee Carmichael perform(); they will move with you through a <body> of work that explores how movement practices interweave practices of code. In this choreographic encounter, the screen and the wall become hybrid digital — physical spaces for experiencing sensible interfaces, showing fragments of the artworks of both artists through a score that sets the <rhythms> encodes <movements>  moves <sources> .  The exhibition will include a networked performance and improvised collaboration. This will be the first time the artists will perform together as a continuation of a dialogue that started years ago when they met through mutual explorations at Panke Gallery. </ script >

###  Authors / bio: 

__Renee Carmichael__ is a researcher, writer, and artist who dwells in the liminal and is inspired by mathematical thinking. She experiments with movement and code, exploring the calculated and the feeling through intimate performances, texts, podcasts, videos, algorithms, and online artworks. The format of her artworks emerge from the contents themselves; each work is a process that experiments with the how and the why, often bringing together opposing ideas through softness and imaginative and poetic equations of the everyday boundaries of being a body entangled with digital technologies. Movement for her is like thinking which is like coding: they are all processes of understanding the complex world by being in it. She is founder of the project Flee Immediately!, co-founder of the podcast Liminal Bits and a member of the telematic improvisation group The Placeholder Group. More info: https://renee-carmichael.com/

__Joana Chicau__ is a graphic designer, coder, researcher — with a background in dance. In her practice she interweaves web programming languages and environments with choreography. She researches the intersection of the body with the constructed, designed, programmed environment, aiming at widening the ways in which digital sciences is presented and made accessible to the public. She has been actively participating and organizing events with performances involving multi-location collaborative coding, algorithmic improvisation, open discussions on gender equality and activism. Recent work, news and updates: www.joanachicau.com
